[Applause]
[Music]
tim tebow - Jesus Christ
when by myself but with your help I
might tim tebow to Jesus Christ
[Music]
commencing fall down hut hut hike
snap the football and may God's love be
with me Jesus Christ
gee bomb please
[Music]
and I'm sick of watching all these
Broncos game
[Music]
I
don't you play new in the next week do
[Music]
pretty is too good and I've got better
things to do
[Music]
Oh 316
still two games ago if I want to make it
to the Super Bowl
[Music]
she bowed to Jesus cry
come on everyone Zeebo
come on
everyone
come on everyone t Bello
[Applause]
[Music]
three two presents oh the hot crowd
we're going to have fun tonight
the world is watching everyone is
watching I want to thank you all for
being here we're thank everyone home
watching not in your underwear I will be
singing songs off my new comedy album
it's called blow your pants off it comes
out on Tuesday we have tons of guest
stars in this record it's a basically a
compilation of all the cool stuff we've
done on our show and all the fun musical
things but we got giant names I don't
know how they agreed to do this thing uh
but I'm going to say Bruce Springsteen
is on the Auburn Justin Timberlake is on
the um I said a hip hop no they is it
Dave Matthews is on the record doing
walk of shame
Eddie Vedder the one another coolest big
and rich ed ed steam jeans
Corgan Mulrooney Terry Jasper's what's
that we couldn't get Jasper's Terry
Jasper's not on the record norris nor
his head steam jeans paul mccartney
though is on the hour I'm also gonna be
answering questions from you guys on
Twitter a little bit later it's gonna be
a fun time so uh please relax and enjoy
yourself that song was called T Bowie
and that was what it was as if Tim Tebow
and David Bowie meshed into one human
that's what they would do uh um this
next one I'm gonna do now has a pretty
interesting story to it uh Neil Young
was on our show the great Neil Young and
he's awesome and we love him and uh he
came on the show and I said Neil thanks
for coming on what song you want to play
you're gonna play old man he gonna play
heart of gold he said shut your mouth
I'll tell you what I play and I said
whatever you want to do Neil and he said
I don't want playing in my hits man I
want to play my favorite TV theme song
that's pretty crazy anyway I'd like to
do for you what he did in our show right
now my impression of Neil doing his
thing I first I gotta get into character
so hold on get this thanks a lot
yep Neal when he plays the harmonica he
very melodic when he plays every Monica
it's very nice to know so I got so this
is my impression when Neil Young was on
her show he wanted to sing his own song
[Music]
this is a story all about how my life
got flipped-turned upside down like I
take a minute just sit right there to
how I became the Prince of a town called
bel-air
[Music]
West Philadelphia
born and raised on a playground was
where I spend most of my days chillin
out maxin relaxin all cool shootin some
b-ball outside of the school couple guys
are up to no good started making trouble
in my neighborhood in my name
one little fight and my mom got scared
she said with your auntie and your uncle
in bel-air
[Music]
with over cabin
license plate said fresh and in her
Dyson if anything I can save this cab
was rare and I thought nah forget in
your homes to bel-air
[Music]
hold on to the house yelled to the
cabbie all home smell you later
look at my kingdom
so my throne as the Prince the Prince of
bel-air
[Music]
thank you make sure my toupee stays on
uh a lot of you guys have been sending
in questions on Twitter for tonight so I
want to read some of those I appreciate
all the stuff and I appreciate everyone
follow me on Twitter and I want to thank
everyone follow me and fans in the show
that we wouldn't be where we are without
the Internet so thank you at home
watching thank you for being here again
I really appreciate it
means a lot uh let's see you got here so
this is a Twitter question
it's from at Kuro star sunny uh this is
what's the funniest coolest thing a
person you've done an impression of has
said to you about that impression um uh
Carson Daly actually said really am i
tool really
I'm sorry man ah he's a good sport
though I asked you know young came to
the show with his wife Peggy young and
she's an awesome singer too and they
came and he's backstage and he's got the
hat on he's really shy guy you know and
uh the second time I did kneel on the
show I did an impression of him singing
pants on the ground remember that's a
that's an eye guy looking like a fool
with your pantheon so I did that on the
show and uh it's always funny when you
do those songs and because we just
announced it please jump new young and
the audience has no idea it could be
Neil Young it's so dark
it could be anyone it so dark could be
Brad Pitt I mean I put it over that so
anyways uh so we just start playing the
song as soon as you start hearing like
hands on the ground like you heard a
couple of titters here there and then
everyone's just getting the joke and you
kind of it gets infectious kind of cool
so I saw Neil he's backstage I go hey
Neil how you doing he was pants on the
ground was a big my biggest hit the last
25 year I went and hid in the corner
somewhere I was just like that's so
awesome that he saw it that was pretty
cool uh but uh after that uh Bob Dylan
came on our show and he's awesome we
love Bob Dylan he came to say Bob hey do
it man
he said cut the crap
well would you like to play song
somebody goes Shh
so you're gonna play puck like a rolling
stone blowing in the wind positively
forestry and any of that he goes shut
your face
I don't want to do any my songs say I
just want to do my if I can I'm gonna do
my favorite TV show theme the weirdest
thing and so uh here it is one something
like this
Bob Dylan plays harmonica it's different
than didn't know young he just gets the
highest part that harmonica just blows
the out of it
[Music]
new boy in the neighborhood this
downstairs
the third
is your Saturday
kara me like is one
Charles in charge
[Music]
Rome's @array cha-cha-cha
chaoxin charge me
Wow Charles in charge
[Music]
tell us how the
wrong chaoxin
[Music]
our houses
thank you it's weird they both wanted to
do those theme songs that's what you get
now let's take some more Twitter
questions I want to let you guys down
it's phones from Steph Camello when did
you start thinking of ideas and
recording for this new album about two
weeks ago uh-huh honor we do a lot of
music on the show and a lot of cool
stuff that we want to get out there for
people the songs are all remixed and
remastered and it's a it sounds great
but we you know we had to clear so much
stuff it's not easy it's all with like
rights and stuff like that it's like
half the songs were we have guest stars
honored Justin Timberlake just to put
his name on cost us $80,000 that's
probably the truth I'm just making that
up but uh no but we cleared what the
history of rap is like 15 songs or
something on that one that we're rapping
like from you know we go over to Beastie
Boys we do everything right and that's
like yeah we clear all that stuff and it
just takes like months so then we the
first time we we did that and it went
super viral on the web and again thank
you so much for that cuz that's it's
amazing it's fun because you know we do
our show and we have like you know a
couple million people watching the show
you know a lot of people a couple
million people and then the next day
you're like oh my god it's been
retweeted like 8000 times and that's the
biggest thing in your head right you
were just in front of 2 million people
yeah I know but it's the web that makes
it exciting when it lives on you know
and people get to see it that don't stay
up that late and stuff like that and so
that I think history of rap was the
first thing that really went viral
musically and I remembered Justin
Timberlake called me from France and he
said dude were on the front page of a
newspaper in France I go oh my god they
know who I am in France he goes no
Justin Timberlake
whatever um uh this is from at a baker
20 so what songs are brand new that
viewers or foul pals haven't heard on
the show fowl pals are awesome super
fans
some South pals outfit tonight I love
you guys uh what what new sons and they
heard and will there be a sequel to blow
your pants off if the record goes well
there could be one go blow your pants on
uh it's just a dude I should explain
that the album covers didn't man and I
on a flokati rug first murder you guys
uh was laying on a flokati rug and with
he's got his glass of wine his fireplace
on he's about to listen to a nice record
a comedy record and he puts it on his
and his pants blow off playing on the
ruggedness in his pants for you sitting
they have no pants on so uh as far as
new stuff we went in the studio and
record a couple songs with the roots by
the way let's give it up for the roots
thank God will go I know where the show
would be without those guys too
[Applause]
I'll do a new song off the off the album
that uh it's kind of a sequel ish to
idiot boyfriend I guess which is a major
hit I had in 1974 it's called a new
French girlfriend and it's been it's
about an experience that I had whilst
backpacking in France you probably
noticed France
took him back on the fresh girlfriend we
met yesterday
her name's Renee armpit hairs and Black
Parade she drinks her coffee all hampers
she always looks like she's deep
she smokes before during and after sex
you did you do bebop about to do
to compel indifference go from dresses
like a mime is cheesin one and we share
the same bra size and she made me grow a
thin mustache now I love just like her
down
Danny his name is Renee to you and where
Nick is nothing but um
she hasn't showered in a month and did
imagine Bissell light shower
[Music]
bum-bum-bum
thank you a little cafe a little cafe
jam for you guys we're eating your
hummus sandwich isn't stuff you can jam
out to that one um I shouldn't say -
these all sound better with the roof I
mean I'm trying my best but the roots
are just so amazing uh this is from at
at uh Nana Gemma puddin Jimmy if you had
to give advice or encouragement to young
Jimmy before you achieve success what
would you say oh I'd be serious now um
uh but I would say don't wear those
parachute pants in high school they
don't look cool um I want to say I
probably have to say it's it's a long
life there's a lot of ups and downs as
good times as bad times but some fun
times and it's gonna be a crazy
rollercoaster ride and just you trust me
you'll enjoy it it's good hang in there
um work it and then and when you're 27
years old you'll finally kiss a girl and
it'll be just a man uh this one's from
at funny Valentine oh I know that person
that's a bow pal uh shout-out to funny
Valentine I just want to know who's but
it is
the furniture the album cover blow your
pants off a lot of people ask me is this
your but there's just someone else's but
is it an old Navy mannequin buff is it
not a but is there close-up of someone's
knuckle I didn't think about that one
yeah
truth it's a stump up but here's the
thing actually stunt butt for extra
money so it still could be my butt I did
I did pose for this we were trying to do
something like the Jennifer Aniston
Rolling Stone cover you know where she's
just casually laying there with her butt
hanging out and so I actually got a
spray tan while wearing a man thong one
of the most awful things that ever done
this dream I like them cuz they get the
tan and then I go okay there's just
gonna get out of here I'm just made a
bad mood already because I just had
someone sprayed my half-naked body with
a man thong and I'm leaving I go guys
gonna just change she goes oh you can't
change you got to leave that thing I'm
for the paint to dry whether that's the
fake tan to dry so I'd do the show in
Mantha I'm like talking to Donald Trump
or something I'm like so anyway uh
what's the new apprentice about looks
like the grossest thing ever but uh but
we did get a stunt but as well uh it was
pretty funny cuz we had to get someone
to audition for but for buts
just life is so fun ease and does um
either way if you buy the album you get
to see what's underneath the sticker and
it's pretty disgusting alright let's
play let's play another another song
here that's one which one we're gonna do
now
oh yeah okay this song nice song is
crazy
III gotta give up for our writers on our
show they're really really good and
smart and funny but these mic descends
oh and dry bradford wrote this song and
i actually wrote that taking credit for
it though and the it's crazy we just
like goof off now then we were up in the
office uh we have guitars in every room
we just run around and I could play
different things and you know and so so
we were just playing around and I was
like like what are we getting for lunch
we should go to sub warrior he knows
like I was doing Jim Morrison and you
were just joking around by ordering
lunch or some and then deed should I
call him just mic the cells would call
him teach and he's met bucket hat guy by
the way if you watch the show how you
like me now that guy um so he goes what
if Jim Morrison did Reading Rainbow
theme oh yeah that would be fun so when
we did it I got a good pass our director
Dave D immedi and Ellen wagget and
Stephanie and Eric and the hair and
makeup because we I dressed like Jim
Morrison I didn't even know that he had
short leather sleeves on his jacket
but that's research for you um and we
did it like at the Ed Sullivan with the
doors are on Ed Sullivan in 67 when he
was not to say the word high higher he's
like you know he can get much higher and
he said it and Ed Sullivan freaked out
but we had the outfit the instruments
are from adores cover band because they
don't have that double Hammond organ
thing that they play and we tried to
really imagine really a surrender roots
play live so that was all done one take
live that there's writers lip-lip
playing the song cuz they're not that
talented and so um we tried to imagine
what it would sound like if the doors
sang the theme to Reading Rainbow so
here's the stripped down version
[Music]
butterfly in the sky I can fight Weiss's
hi take a look
it's in a book Harry
[Music]
I can go
I can go away
Prez you know ways to grow a reading
[Music]
Indian in the cover there's a monster
there's a monster at the end of this
world
[Music]
good night moon good night stars
good night air good night noises
everywhere
[Music]
there's a wocket in my pocket
butterfly
[Music]
Carrie
Oh No
the race
[Music]
[Applause]
thank you just fun to scream like that
right
I just want to say again thanks to all
those guys for giving us the rights the
door is everyone from the doors and
giving us the rights to do that and
Bowie's people and Neil Young and Bob
Dylan and all those guys in Paul
McCartney and I ever just saying yes to
this because just kind of ridiculous is
there's a dream for us and we just can't
believe our records coming out it's just
fun and it comes out Tuesday right so I
think we're gonna outsell uh sure IPV
that's a given
that's a given boo else try to top
something else but uh you can get ours
and Usher's you can do both uh I want to
close out the show with one of our
favorite songs we did on late night this
is a protest song about the BP oil spill
the album version features Eddie Vedder
singing the song with us and maybe you
guys can help out too you know bunch of
tar balls are rising up on the shore and
the South from the BP oil spill and we
were we're just so mad about it
I told Eddie I go Eddie you believe this
and goes shut up
if I can get anything just get out of
here so I left his dressing room
I played the song and he couldn't help
himself he jumped in at the end and
started singing his butt off it's brief
analysis here we go
[Music]
the oil spill has left our balls all
over the scene
so don't go swimming down in south
unless you want
tar balls in your mouth
[Music]
don't swim
you know get balls in your mouth balls
in your mouth balls in your mouth
don't swim in the ocean you'll get balls
in your mouth balls in
[Music]
Bob in your mouth father
in your mouth
[Music]
[Applause]
love in your mind
my
[Applause]
hey buddy